README.md, before:

# Refresher JS - New version notificator

Detects on client side that a new version of the application is available
and notify the active users to refresh their page in order to get the fresh version.


- **Technology stack**: 
  The script itself is Vanilla JS and it supports the frameworks: Angular, React and Vue.

- **Features**:
  - Installation is extremely quick and simple
  - Out of the box support for modern frameworks 
  - User activity detection in order to avoid redundant polling
  - Customization options for the notification


**Screenshot**:

![](./assets/refresher-js.gif)



## Installation

 - Add this script tag to your web application's `index.html` file

```html
    <script
      id="refresher-js-script"
      type="text/javascript"
      src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Nemo9439/refresher-js@main/dist/refresher.v1-0.min.js"
      defer
    ></script>
```

----

## Configuration Options
  The script behavior can be configured by adding the following params to the script tag.
  *All of them are optional*

  - **data-polling-interval-in-minutes** (Number) (Default = '120'):
      The number of minutes that the script will trigger a call to the server to check if a new version is available.

  - **data-title-text** (String) (Default = 'New version is available'):
      The text of the main title on the top of the notification.

  - **data-subtitle-text** (String) (Default = 'Please refresh the page'):
      The smaller text of the notification.

  - **data-primary-color** (String) (Default = '#004dff'):
      The color of the side line and the refresh button.

  - **data-refresh-button-text** (String) (Default = 'refresh'):
      The text on the refresh button.

  ## Advanced Configuration
  > The next configuration options are for unusual cases, application that have non-standard behavior or need higher degree of customizations. 

  - **data-disable-toast** (Boolean) (Default = 'false'):
      When set to true the notification would not be opened.
      Should be used only in applications that need custom behavior when a new version is detected.
      
      > Whenever a new version is detected a custom event (`refresher-js-open-toast`) will be triggered (regardless of the value of data-disable-toast)

      *Example Usage*
      ``` ts
          document.addEventListener('refresher-js-open-toast', function () {
          console.log('refresher-js-open-toast custom event was triggered');
        });
      ``` 

  - **data-custom-function-name** (String - Function Name): 
      When there is a need for a custom check of a new version ,during the polling the script will look for the given function name in the `window` scope 
      and run it instead of the default check.
      > The custom function has to be on the `window` and has to return `Promise<boolean>`

      *Example  Usage*
      [angular-demo-with-custom-function-name](/demo/angular-demo-with-custom-callback/)







## Development
1. [INSTALL](INSTALL.md)

Commit message:

Readme (#7)
* update readme

* remove git attributes file

* readme updates

* readme updates

README.md, after:

# Refresher JS - New version notificator

**Detects on client side that a new version of the application is available
and notify the active users to refresh their page in order to get the fresh version**

  - **The problem**: 
     We noticed in my team that some of the features and bug fixes that we are deploying can take to some users few days or more to get.  
     The reason is that some users are not closing the browser when they are done working so the new updates wouldnt take place until they refresh their page  
     and fetch the new version of the webapp.


  - **The solution**: 
    A client side script that once in a while detects that a new version is live and notifies the user about it.



### Features:
  - Installation is extremely quick and simple
  - Out of the box support for modern frameworks 
  - User activity detection in order to minimize redundant calls to the server
  - Customization options for the notification

![](./assets/refresher-js.gif)

### Technology stack: 
  - The script itself is Vanilla JS and it supports the frameworks: Angular, React and Vue.  

  -----------

## Installation

 - Add this script tag to your web application's `index.html` file

```html
    <script
      id="refresher-js-script"
      type="text/javascript"
      src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Nemo9439/refresher-js@main/dist/refresher.v1-0.min.js"
      defer
    ></script>
```

----

## Configuration Options
  The script behavior can be configured by adding the following params to the script tag.
  *All of them are optional*

  - **data-polling-interval-in-minutes** (Number) (Default = '120'):
      The number of minutes that the script will trigger a call to the server to check if a new version is available.

  - **data-title-text** (String) (Default = 'New version is available'):
      The text of the main title on the top of the notification.

  - **data-subtitle-text** (String) (Default = 'Please refresh the page'):
      The smaller text of the notification.

  - **data-primary-color** (String) (Default = '#004dff'):
      The color of the side line and the refresh button.

  - **data-refresh-button-text** (String) (Default = 'refresh'):
      The text on the refresh button.

  ## Advanced Configuration
  **The next configuration options are for unusual cases,
  applications that have non-standard behavior or need higher degree of customizations.**

  - **data-disable-toast** (Boolean) (Default = 'false'):
      When set to true the notification would not appear.  
      This should be used only in applications that need custom behavior when a new version is detected.
      
      > Whenever a new version is detected a custom event (`refresher-js-open-toast`) will be triggered (regardless of the value of data-disable-toast)

      *Example Usage*
      ``` ts
          document.addEventListener('refresher-js-open-toast', function () {
          console.log('refresher-js-open-toast custom event was triggered');
        });
      ``` 

  - **data-custom-function-name** (String - Function Name): 
      When there is a need for a custom check of a new version,  
      during the polling the script will look for the given function name in the `window` scope  
      and run it instead of the default check.  
      
      > The custom function has to be on the `window` and has to return `Promise<boolean>`

      *Example  Usage*
      [angular-demo-with-custom-function-name](/demo/angular-demo-with-custom-callback/src/index.html)

-----

## Development
1. [INSTALL](INSTALL.md)
